# Contextual Inquiry Check-In

For the first contextual inquiry, we met with a student and starting from the library space, followed their route to the snack line without interfering with any interactions of other people involved. Initially, there are already a lot of visible crowds of small friend groups taking up space and stopping in the middle of the hall. This includes the entrance to the library, the bottom of the staircase in Olshan Lobby (one of the main areas where people tend to communicate while eating their snacks), and right outside the lobby doors, where the snack line starts every day of the week during break. The subject encountered many instances where they were stuck between a large wave of people coming, forcing them to stand to the side and wait to get outside. When reaching the snack “line” (which is really just a large blob of people who are not socially distanced), there is no clear indicators for which direction this traffic of students should be moving in and many of the students tend to not focus on how they are disrupting this flow and just want to talk to their friends in these spaces. The staff also have a hard time organizing the crowds since it is difficult to get the attention of everyone in the group. It took about half the entire break time just to get to the front of the snack line, and it was equally as hard making the trip back to the library. The subject said to us after that they wish people wouldn't take up these spaces and make it easier for hungry students to get their snacks and leave quickly. Although this 15 minute period is a break for most students where they can go outside, speak to their friends, and eat without having to keep their mask on like usual, this practice is not covid safe in a time where health and safety is of utmost importance. 

This inquiry was done using the Fly on the Wall method. We were able to actively observe the subject without engaging with them. By not interacting with the subject, we didn’t influence his choices or decision making. The Fly on the Wall method has its advantages, such as the ability to observe a subject at a distance. Unlike interviews, the Fly on the Wall is limited by the fact that we can only observe what is happening on the outside. Interviews allow us to have an in depth conversation with the subject and the conversation allows us to gain a deeper insight on the problem or topic at hand. Therefore, for future contextual inquiries, we could use interviews or even send out a survey to collect information. 
