# Contextual Inquiry Check-In
<h1> Contextual Inquiry #1 - Peer Fly-on-the-wall </h1>
For the first contextual inquiry, we met with a student and starting from the library space, followed their route to the snack line without interfering with any interactions of other people involved. Initially, there are already a lot of visible crowds of small friend groups taking up space and stopping in the middle of the hall. This includes the entrance to the library, the bottom of the staircase in Olshan Lobby (one of the main areas where people tend to communicate while eating their snacks), and right outside the lobby doors, where the snack line starts every day of the week during break. The subject encountered many instances where they were stuck between a large wave of people coming, forcing them to stand to the side and wait to get outside. When reaching the snack “line” (which is really just a large blob of people who are not socially distanced), there is no clear indicators for which direction this traffic of students should be moving in and many of the students tend to not focus on how they are disrupting this flow and just want to talk to their friends in these spaces. The staff also have a hard time organizing the crowds since it is difficult to get the attention of everyone in the group. It took about half the entire break time just to get to the front of the snack line, and it was equally as hard making the trip back to the library. The subject said to us after that they wish people wouldn't take up these spaces and make it easier for hungry students to get their snacks and leave quickly. Although this 15 minute period is a break for most students where they can go outside, speak to their friends, and eat without having to keep their mask on like usual, this practice is not covid safe in a time where health and safety is of utmost importance. 

This inquiry was done using the Fly on the Wall method. We were able to actively observe the subject without engaging with them. By not interacting with the subject, we didn’t influence his choices or decision making. The Fly on the Wall method has its advantages, such as the ability to observe a subject at a distance. Unlike interviews, the Fly on the Wall is limited by the fact that we can only observe what is happening on the outside. Interviews allow us to have an in depth conversation with the subject and the conversation allows us to gain a deeper insight on the problem or topic at hand. Therefore, for future contextual inquiries, we could use interviews or even send out a survey to collect information. 

  <h2> Contextual Inquiry #2 - Faculty Mixed Method Information Collection </h2>
 Our second contextual inquiry was with a community leader who we will call participant B. We hoped to understand their experience as non-student during snacks. Their role in the  HM snack period is significant, as they are the organizer and distributor. We began our partnership with an email, and our observer from the CCC was already well acquainted with participant B. 
    
	During this mixed-method collection of information, including fly-on-the-wall and an informal conversational interview, the researcher was able to meet participant B at the snack table outdoors. NB: The CCC's primary focus is to reduce the crowding at school and thus increase a positive environment. Adult community members as well as Participant B had noticed and worked to fix this problem as well. The snack period was initially outside of the Olshan lobby. However, before the break and after our email exchange with participant B the snack location was moved to the Spence Patio. Spence Patio is more secluded with less foot traffic. 
    
	The researcher began the fly-on-the-wall collection by standing near and off to the side of the snack distribution table. Throughout the 15 minutes of snack, the researcher observed interactions between UD students, UD teachers and UD students, and UD students and MD students. Since Spence Cottage is closer to the MD campus there was a larger flow of MD students. Most UD students stayed out of the way of MD students, but some seemed to dominate walkways and stairs connected to the outdoor area of the MD. Overall, there were fewer students than when the snack was outside of Olshan. This was evident by the wait time between students and shorter lines. Instead of a heavy stream of students, most came in pairs of small groups and then either ate their snack or walked off with their snack. There was less crowding despite the open space. Other factors may have included weather because it was a colder stormy day.
    
	Participant B seemed more at ease throughout the process of distributing snacks. The lower quantity and density of students lead to a calmer environment for participant B and the fellow UD teachers and faculty. 
    
	At the end of the snack period, the researcher asked participant B informal questions about their experience. Participant B said that they were glad the snack location was relocated. Participant B also believes the crowding issue will resolve itself with these switches. When asked what prompted changes Participant B listed new covid variants, growing UD case numbers, and overall concern from the administration. 
	Keeping this in mind the CCC will consider the new C- Covid as a large part of crowding issues in UD spaces. From this mixed-method collection, the researcher was able to view the issue from a faculty perspective while also observing their peers. 
